Most of my dreams are fairly average. Not average as in the average
depiction of a dream (flying through the air of some visual mishmash
of the last book I read, TV show I watched, and week of my life). Average
as they play out like an average day. I wake up in the dream, I go get a
drink, and then I go back to my bed and fall asleep. The only difference
is that some room will have a single weird corner (maybe it has some
kind of inexplicable geometry, or it's on fire or some other thing), or
everyone will have lost their hair, but never anything major (like there is
no gravity). They are minor differences, but other than that, the dream just
feels like an average day. Every once and a while I have a different kind of
dream though, always similar but slightly different. I have had this series
of dreams since I was in elementary school.

I couldn't tell you how each starts, because I can never remember a beginning
to them. The first consistent memory I have from each is walking under an
overpass. If you have ever been to New Jersey, the roads around me resemble
to spaghetti of ramps connecting I-78 and 287 where they intersect. There are
fences, poorly held up, guarding small construction vehicles telling me that a
night crew is working on a nearby section of pavement. It couldn't be this
junction though, there aren't enough cars to be Jersey.

At this point the dreams all take a similar path: I am trying to get to a city, I
need to get something, I meet someone on the way. Some times these people
are in cars and give me a ride, other times they are other walkers. It is always
day time when I start, then it is night, but by the end the sun is up again.

I talk to the person I meet. I don't know their name, I cannot recall their face, but
I know they did all the talking. Sometimes they retell stories that I know are actually
mine, but I don't interrupt them to say so (either out of respect for giving me a ride
or not wanting to drive welcome company away). Other times they tell me stories I
have never heard before, I always feel awkward being so personal with a complete
stranger. Before I know it we are on a bridge with an upward incline. They tell me that
it is my stop and I get out. It is always night by this point. I see the city backlighting
a larger bridge being built to the right of the one I was on. The scene is not terrible
dissimilar from the current state of the Tappan Zee.

I have to backtrack off the bridge at this point because I cannot walk across it. Under
the bridge is an old rail yard. I walk while listening the engines and tires above. By this
point the city is in view. I don't know its name. I don't know why I am going there. I
don't how much longer it will take to it.

I arrive at the cities edge; it's morning again. Now I am standing on a platform of a New
York-esque dock, with water between me and the city. It is not New York though, the
buildings aren't high enough. The overpass curves into the city, leaving support pillars
on both sides on either side of the docks inlet. The only way I can cross is by a few
rusted pipes or a log. There are people at the other side yelling for me to get over
before someone sees. I get on the thin beam to realize that I am about 30 feet above
the water. I hate heights. Someone always kicks the beam and I always go down.

The water is cold and smells of filth. I barely make my way to a ladder on the other side. I
manage to get on to the other side of the dock, soaking wet, and the person who kicked
me over is gone. Then the dream ends. It always ends there. I never get to enter the city.
I never remember why I am there.
