#The Joy Of Coding

It was once told to me, when I studied music,
the feeling of conducting an ensamble. The
adrenaline rush when, with the flick of a wrist
brass bellows, strings hum, drums crash, and
woodwinds whistle. All on time. All in harmony.

When writing a program, there can be what feels
like an eternity of fixing, tuning, and rewriting code.
It is like some old comedy skit where someone plugs
a hole in a leaky roof to only find two more leaks created
because of the fix. Sometimes the answer is to just rebuild
the entire roof. Sometimes you just keep tacking gum to
the ceiling hoping that it doesn't cave in on you.

After this period of debugging though, there is a moment.
It can be brief, it can be half founded, and it can lead you
into a whole new stage of debugging, but it is there.
It's when something works.

Your debugging tools are running. You just finished a
new line of code that hopefully stops whatever the hell
was throwing some system-crashing exception. Yet
another step in what seems to be a never ending hike
through stack trace after stack trace, you hit enter and
you watch your code run.

There is something different this time. No 78-line trace
of "function this" handed context over to "function that".
It is just a blank screen. Stress begins to make its presence
known by the sound of a held breath. It is silent, but just for
a moment. But finally, there it is: the output you expected.

It could just be some text on the screen; a series of data points;
rendered images; an active server connection; or some results
after folding proteins. It doesn't matter. It is there, you wanted it
to be there, and you figure out how to make the computer put it
there.

For a brief moment you have hundreds of billions of transistors,
just nanometers in size, processing bits at a rate between 1 and 3
billions times a second under your control. You knew how to tell a
machine that can only subtract by using strange tricks in addition
how to carry out what could be some of the complex tasks imaginable.
You computed numbers is mere seconds that, if considered as seconds,
would span far past your lifetime. It didn't require years of hardened practice
or many thousands of mathematicians at your disposal. It took a text file
and a tap of a key. 


