My mother always tells me that when she dropped me off at college, I said "It's going to be okay, right?" She replied to me in a calm, measured tone "of course." After she went to her van to drive back to Jersey, she cried for a few hours. I nervously wandered around trying to find my trip leaders for orientation.

The longest paper I had ever written prior to Marlboro was about 6 pages . I wrote them once, never proof read them, and I couldn't tell you what a single one was about now. Most of my high school writing was in the form of single-page short stories that had to use words from a book of insults because our teacher was very passive aggressive towards the course evaluators.

I had to write papers about medieval history my first semester. They were terrible. All of them rambled on, were full of typos and had no particular claim. I failed that semesters writing portfolio with a 2.25 out of 4.

There were people to try and help with my time management, but I had no one to go to for my papers (or at least that was how I felt given that I knew how far behind I was). It took me a fair deal of time and a huge amount of stress to get somewhere with writing.

Anxiety was also a factor. I was surrounded by new people in a place that I felt I could have been kicked out in a moments notice. I was failing introductory courses while my classmate was getting his second book published.

I remember crying to my father over the phone in the middle of a panic attack. I also recall when I was talking my mother about the fact that the meds I was given for anxiety were heavily affecting my memory. The day after, I could be found vomiting in a ditch along South Road after drinking too much vodka.

I never use to drink when I was young. I took too may medications. The doctors always told me my liver was in a fragile state. Given how often I had blood tests, I believed them. I was able to stop taking medication though. Not so much by choice, but because I would forget to take it in my all-night-writing-binges. Before I knew it, I hadn't taken anything in a month. 

I didn’t feel any different. Though the writing I produced became clearer.

My mother was mostly right. It is okay now, but it wasn't for a time. The late nights of responding to Town Meeting emails; the stress of possibly losing financial aid; and nights when I missed dinner and had to write until 5AM on a collapsing stomach were not okay. But this, right now, is.
